---
title: 'Decentralized and Direct-To-Patient Trials: Care Access CEO & Co-Founder Shares Insights at Future Trials Conference'
slug: 2021-6-16-decentralized-and-direct-to-patient-trials-care-access-ceo-and-co-founder-shares-insights-at-future-trials-conference
date: '06/16/2021 10:14 am'
publish_date: '06/16/2021 10:14 am'
---

Care Access CEO and Co-Founder Ahmad Namvargolian is on a mission to remove barriers to clinical trials for sponsors, physicians and patients, and to make research studies accessible for all. This mission was put to the test in the spring of 2020, when the COVID-19 pandemic sent the world screeching to a halt. Under Namvargolian’s leadership, Care Access expanded its unique industry solutions and delivered on complex decentralized trials. Care Access deployed research personnel (known as “Jump Teams”) to locations across the country, bringing clinical research opportunities directly to some of the communities most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. Fast forward to one year later. Care Access has established 150 pop-up sites, enrolled over 4,000 patients and conducted over 60,000 home visits across the United States. As a DRO, Care Access is expanding its innovative decentralized model into new therapeutic areas beyond infectious disease. Mobile research teams will be taking clinical trials directly to patients, potentially accelerating the rate of study enrollment and helping bring critical, life-saving therapies to patients faster. Namvargolian will offer insights into the future of decentralized trials on June 22 at the Future Trials Conference. He is speaking on a panel called “Moving on from COVID:19 preparing for decentralized trials in the future” and will moderate another titled “Considerations and best practice in direct-to-patient distribution models.” For more information on the Future Trials Conference or to register click here.