---
title: 'Care Access Research Collaborates with AstraZeneca on Phase III Clinical Trial for COVID-19 Long-Acting Antibody Combination'
subtitle: 'Care Access Research is providing decentralized, mobile research site operations for AstraZeneca’s AZD7442 phase III clinical trial in the US'
slug: 2021-1-26-care-access-research-collaborates-with-astrazeneca-on-phase-iii-clinical-trial-for-covid-19-long-acting-antibody-combination
date: '01/26/2021 10:13 am'
publish_date: '01/26/2021 10:13 am'
---

BOSTON, January 26, 2021 — (BUSINESS WIRE) — Care Access Research, a decentralized research organization (DRO) that operates as one connected team of physicians and research experts, today announced a collaboration with global biopharmaceutical company AstraZeneca to accelerate a clinical trial in the US for AZD7442, AstraZeneca’s long-acting monoclonal antibody (LAAB) combination for the potential prevention of COVID-19.

““We are excited to collaborate with Care Access and leverage their unique decentralized, mobile model for this important Phase III trial for AZD7442 in the US””
Care Access is supporting the Phase III clinical trial called STORM CHASER, which will assess the safety and efficacy of AZD7442 for post-exposure prophylaxis and pre-emptive treatment in approximately 1,125 participants in the US and UK. Participants in this trial will include adults over 18 years of age following exposure to SARS-COV-2 and who are therefore at appreciable risk of developing COVID-19. The trial will include people living or working at long-term care facilities as well as industrial and military settings.

The Care Access and AstraZeneca teams are collaborating to rapidly develop, deploy, and manage clinical research sites across the country, using Care Access’ innovative Mobile Sites On Demand capability to bring research capabilities – including people, equipment, software, and processes – to places and communities that would otherwise have limited access to clinical trials, such as long term care facilities. Care Access is uniquely equipped with the operational systems and staff required to mobilize the entire clinical research operation and bring it directly to patients.

The Care Access and AstraZeneca teams are collaborating to rapidly develop, deploy, and manage clinical research sites across the country, using Care Access’ innovative Mobile Sites On Demand capability to bring research capabilities – including people, equipment, software, and processes – to places and communities that would otherwise have limited access to clinical trials, such as long term care facilities. Care Access is uniquely equipped with the operational systems and staff required to mobilize the entire clinical research operation and bring it directly to patients.“We are excited to collaborate with Care Access and leverage their unique decentralized, mobile model for this important Phase III trial for AZD7442 in the US,” said Mark Esser, Vice President, Microbial Sciences BioPharmaceuticals R&D, AstraZeneca. “AZD7442 has the potential to be an important preventative and therapeutic medicine against COVID-19.”“Traditional methods limit who can participate in a clinical trial and how quickly we can complete the clinical trial,” said Ahmad Namvargolian, CEO of Care Access. “We are pleased to provide AstraZeneca the innovative capabilities they need to expedite clinical research operations for this important COVID-19 treatment candidate.”This project has been funded in whole or in part with federal funds from the Department of Health and Human Services; Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority in partnership with the Department of Defense; Joint Program Executive Office for Chemical, Biological, Radiological and Nuclear Defense; under Contract No. W911QY-21-9-0001.